# BookShare340
BookShare Database for CS340

In my spare time between the summer and fall term, I decided to do some self-learning and began a web app (BookShare).  The purpose of my app is to help users trade or sell their books based on what other users have and want to trade in their area or user specified range. There are a multitude of features I plan to have for this app, but I decided to hold off on those, so I could learn how to create the database in this class (CS340) and get a minimal viable product of the site up!  The basic setup is that a user has an account where they set the books that they have and then the books that they want.  Future features will allow users to rate their books on a five-star scale for their value.  They then set a target range for their area to match with those who own the books the person is looking for and potentially have books the other user wants (strongest match).  The user just has to sit back and wait for matches or review the results of their initial query.  

This current iteration of the project is built with Node.js, Express.js, Handlebars.js, MySQL, and JavaScript/CSS/HTML.
My implementation is in the form of a simple CRUD app.  The main app that I have already implemented is a MEAN stack app (using MongoDB rather than MySQL), so I plan on learning how to port the database over.  The main version of the app has basic forms with login/authentification built with encryption.  Once this port is completed, the site should function more like a real site, rather than the simpler crud app here. 
